Here are the criteria for VWAP trend trading taken from a book. Please help me build a structure for the project. And save the detail for later. I'm using python backtest.py. Things I want is as followed: - Codebase structure should have: data_source (seperate folder), strategy builder (can change parameters: volume, time of day, date), backtest engine (stress testing, monte-carlo, analytics), 10 Sample chart results (to confirm if trade idea implemented correctly). - Instead of QQQ, use NQ future - Instead of 100% Capital, use 1NQ contract. Comission fee = $4.56, slippage = $5 for every trade Here's the book details for VWAP trend trading 3 Strategy Definition: VWAP Trend Trading The goal of the strategy is to position the portfolio according to the prevailing market imbalance, as measured by the difference between the current price and the last available VWAP. The portfolio maintains a long exposure when QQQ is trading above the VWAP and reverses its exposure when the price of QQQ moves below the VWAP. No positions are held overnight. 3.1 Entry Conditions, Stop Loss and Profit Target The system waits for the first 1-minute candle to close after the U.S. market opens at 9:30am ET. At exactly 9:31:00am ET if the price of the asset is above the VWAP (not including pre- or post-market trading hours) a long (buy) position is initiated. The strat- egy includes setting a stop loss at the price level where a 1-minute candle closes below VWAP. The position is held throughout the trading day, with the aim of closing it at the market’s close price at 4pm ET. Similarly, if the first 1-minute candle opens below VWAP, the system enters a short (sell) position at the start of the following 1-minute candle. In this case, the strategy sets a stop loss at the price level where a 1-minute candle closes above VWAP, as conceptually illustrated in Figure 1. The position is maintained throughout the trading day, either until it gets stopped out or until it closes at the market’s close price at 4pm ET. 8 3.2 Multiple Trade Occurrences Apart from the first minute of the trading session and outside regular trading hours, the strategy always implied an open position, either long or short. This would likely result in multiple trades in each trading session. 3.3 Position sizing In this method, position size for each trade is determined by utilizing all available equity without the use of any leverage. Whenever we enter into a position, the Risk-to-Reward (R:R) ratio for the trade is unknown; in fact the stop is not fixed and depends on the time-varying VWAP. As a consequence, we cannot employ a position sizing approach typically used by traders based on a fixed risk percentage such as 0.5% or 1% per trade [3, 4, 12]. Consequently, our approach is centered around using 100% of available funds for position sizing. This ensures that the entire available capital is allocated to each trade, addressing the uncertainty surrounding the Risk to Reward ratio. 3.4 Slippage and Commissions Since we initiated our system with a small account of only $25,000, we assumed no slip- page in our order fills. As our accounts in this paper grew significantly, reaching around $2 million, we recognize the potential for slippage to occur. However, based on our study of instruments such as QQQ and TQQQ, we believe that there is reasonably enough liquidity and trading volume in the market at any given time during trading day, making this assumption reasonably valid for smaller accounts. Nonetheless, it’s crucial to acknowledge that as account sizes increase, slippage can be- come a more significant concern. It’s essential to emphasize that we do not consider this system suitable for managing multi-million-dollar funds, especially within the U.S. equity markets, which inherently possess lower liquidity compared to other markets such as currencies or futures. 9 For all the backtest, we factored in a commission rate of $0.0005 per share, a standard rate consistent with the majority of brokerage services in the industry, such as Interactive Broker
